**Section 8.2**
- Ex 1
For ***i.*** 
- a.
 >  Karnaugh map for f: 

 | c/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 0 |  | 1 | 1 |
| 1 |  |  |   |
>   Karnaugh map for (-f):

 | c/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 0 | 1 |  |  | 1 |
| 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 |

- b.  f = b(-c)  and (-f) = (-b) + c

- c. For IC we choose the nonredundant prime implicant representations. 
  - Other choices are possible, of course. 
  - This leaves three implicants {b(-c), (-b), c} in f and (-f) collectively. 
  - Test set {xT F, xF T} satisfies IC. 
  - Note that the second test, which is not a unique true point, satisfies both (-b) and c.
- d. For UTPC we need three tests.  
  - Many possibilities; one is {xT F, xF F, xT T}. Again, values for a are irrelevant
- e.  
  -  For CUTPNFP we take a unique true point for f, xT F, and pair it with all near false points. 
  - The result in this case is the same as for UTPC, namely, {xT F, xF F, xT T}.

For ***ii.*** 
>  Karnaugh map for f: 

 | cd/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 00 | 1 |  |  |
| 01 |  |  |   |
| 11 |  |  |  1 |
| 10 |  |  |   |
>   Karnaugh map for (-f):

 | cd/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 00 |  | 1 | 1 | 1 |
|01 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | 1 | 1 |   | 1
| 10 | 1| 1 |  1 | 1

- b. f = (-a)(-b)(-c)(-d) + abcd. and (-f) = a(-b) + b(-c) + c(-d) + (-a)d.
 
 - c. 
   - For IC we choose the nonredundant prime implicant representations.
   -  Other choices are possible, of course. This leaves six implicants {(-a)(-b)(-c)(-d), abcd, a(-b), bc, c ¯ ¯d, ad¯ } in f and ¯f collectively. 
   - Test set {F F F F, T T T T, T F T F, F T F T } satisfies IC. 
  - d. One possibility: 
    - {F F F F, T T T T, T T F F, T F F F, F F T T, F F T F}
   
For ***iii.*** 
- a.
 >  Karnaugh map for f: 

 | c/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 0 |  |  | 1 |
| 1 | 1 |  | 1  | 1
>   Karnaugh map for (-f):

 | c/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 0 | 1 | 1 |  | 1 |
| 1 |  | 1 |  |  |

- b.  f = ab + (-b)c. and (-f) = (-a)b +(-b)(-c)

- c. 
  - For IC we choose the nonredundant prime implicant representations. 
  - Other choices are possible, of course. 
  - This leaves four implicants {ab, ¯bc, ab, ¯ ¯bc¯} in f and ¯f collectively. 
  - Test set {T T x, xF T, F T x, xF F} satisfies IC.
 
 - d. 
   - Since the IC test set above used nonredundant prime implicants and each test was a unique true point, we can simply reuse the same test give for IC for UTPC.

- e. 
  - For CUTPNFP, we’ll choose particular unique true points in f (but not ¯f) and pair them up with near false points. 
  - We need to choose unique true points so that all variables that yield near false points are represented. 
  - To this end, unique true points {T T F, F F T} for f pair up with near false points {F T F, T F F} and {F F F, F T T} respectively.

For ***iv.*** 
- a.
 >  Karnaugh map for f: 

 | cd/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 00 | 1 | 1 |  |
| 01 | 1 | 1 | 1  | 1
| 11 |  | 1 | 1  | 
| 10 | |  |  | 
>   Karnaugh map for (-f):

 | cd/a,b | 00 | 01 | 11 | 10 |
|--|--|--|--|--|
| 00 |  |  | 1 | 1
| 01 |  |  |   | 
| 11 | 1 |  |  | 1
| 10 | 1| 1 | 1 | 1

- b.  f = (-a)(-b) + (-c)d + bd. and (-f) = a(-d) + (-b)c + c(-d).

- c. 
	- For IC we choose the nonredundant prime implicant representations.
	-  Other choices are possible, of course. 
	- This leaves six implicants, {(-a)(-c), (-c)d, bd, (-a)(-d), (-b)c, c(-d)}, in f and (-f) collectively. 
	- Test set {F T F T, T F T F} satisfies IC.

- d. To satisfy UTPC, we need six test points. 
  - All choices are covered by test set 
  - {F xF F, T F F T, xT T T, F T T F, T xF F, xF T T }.
